Intro
-----

To cite all my papers in Vancouver format, download the bibtex from
Orcid and paste into this folder

To use a different bibliography style get them from here:
<a href="https://github.com/citation-style-language/styles" class="uri">https://github.com/citation-style-language/styles</a>

References
----------

\[1\] Skene N. Genome-wide analysis identifies molecular systems and 149
genetic loci associated with income. Nature Communications 2019.
<https://doi.org/10.1101/573691>.

\[2\] EM B, Z Z, T Q, NG S, J B, AF P, et al. Conditional gwas analysis
identifies putative disorder-specific snps for psychiatric disorders.
bioRxiv 2019. <https://doi.org/10.1101/592899>.

\[3\] PR J, K W, S S, N S, J B, AR H, et al. Genome-wide analysis of
insomnia in 1,331,010 individuals identifies new risk loci and
functional pathways. Nature Genetics 2019.
<https://doi.org/10.1038/s41588-018-0333-3>.

\[4\] J B, NG S, TF H, L K, HJ W, L B, et al. Genetic identification of
cell types underlying brain complex traits yields novel insights into
the etiology of parkinson’s disease. bioRxiv 2019.
<https://doi.org/10.1101/528463>.

\[5\] IE J, JE S, K W, J B, DM W, S S, et al. Genome-wide meta-analysis
identifies new loci and functional pathways influencing alzheimer’s
disease risk. Nature Genetics 2019.
<https://doi.org/10.1038/s41588-018-0311-9>.

\[6\] Qian X, Harris K, Hauling T, Nicoloutsopoulos D, Muñoz-Manchado A,
Skene N, et al. Probabilistic cell typing enables fine mapping of
closely related cell types in situ. Nature Methods 2019.

\[7\] NH K, Lagemaat LN, LE S, CM P, DJ S, KE S, et al. Synaptic
combinatorial molecular mechanisms generate repertoires of innate and
learned behavior. bioRxiv 2019. <https://doi.org/10.1101/500389>.

\[8\] HT N, A D, AW C, J B, A K, W M, et al. Integrative analysis of
rare variants and pathway information shows convergent results between
immune pathways, drug targets and epilepsy genes. bioRxiv 2019.
<https://doi.org/10.1101/410100>.

\[9\] F Z, M C, Z Q, R B-P, MV K, NG S, et al. Architecture of the mouse
brain synaptome. Neuron 2018.
<https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuron.2018.07.007>.

\[10\] AB M-M, C BG, A Z, H M, B B, NG S, et al. Diversity of
interneurons in the dorsal striatum revealed by single-cell rna
sequencing and patchseq. Cell Reports 2018.
<https://doi.org/10.1016/j.celrep.2018.07.053>.

\[11\] A Z, H H, P L, A J, F M, Zwan J, et al. Molecular architecture of
the mouse nervous system. Cell 2018.
<https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2018.06.021>.

\[12\] KD H, H H, NG S, L M, L K, C BG, et al. Classes and continua of
hippocampal ca1 inhibitory neurons revealed by single-cell
transcriptomics. PLoS Biology 2018.
<https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006387>.

\[13\] JE S, PR J, S S, K W, J B, Leeuw CA, et al. Genome-wide
association meta-analysis in 269,867 individuals identifies new genetic
and functional links to intelligence. Nature Genetics 2018.
<https://doi.org/10.1038/s41588-018-0152-6>.

\[14\] JRI C, J B, HA G, PR J, JE S, N S, et al. Biological annotation
of genetic loci associated with intelligence in a meta-analysis of
87,740 individuals. Molecular Psychiatry 2019.
<https://doi.org/10.1038/s41380-018-0040-6>.

\[15\] Skene NG, Bryois J, Bakken TE, Breen G, Crowley JJ, Gaspar HA, et
al. Genetic identification of brain cell types underlying schizophrenia.
Nature Genetics 2018:1.

\[16\] Roy M, Sorokina O, Skene N, Simonnet C, Mazzo F, Zwart R, et al.
Proteomic analysis of postsynaptic proteins in regions of the human
neocortex. Nature Neuroscience 2018;21:130.

\[17\] NG S, M R, SG G. A genomic lifespan program that reorganises the
young adult brain is targeted in schizophrenia. eLife 2017.
<https://doi.org/10.7554/eLife.17915>.

\[18\] Skene N. E-mtab-3256 - transcription profiling by array of wild
type mouse hippocampi from 186 animals of both genders and two
background strains (c57bl/6 and 129s5) between the ages of 58 to 600
days 2017.

\[19\] Nagel M, Jansen PR, Stringer S, Watanabe K, Leeuw CA de, Bryois
J, et al. GWAS meta-analysis of neuroticism (n= 449,484) identifies
novel genetic loci and pathways. bioRxiv 2017:184820.

\[20\] Skene N, Grant S. Identification of vulnerable cell types in
major brain disorders using single cell transcriptomes and expression
weighted cell type enrichment. Frontiers in Neuroscience 2016.

\[21\] Skrzypiec AE, Shah RS, Schiavon E, Baker E, Skene N, Pawlak R, et
al. Stress-induced lipocalin-2 controls dendritic spine formation and
neuronal activity in the amygdala. PloS One 2013;8:e61046.

\[22\] Coba MP, Komiyama NH, Nithianantharajah J, Kopanitsa MV,
Indersmitten T, Skene NG, et al. TNiK is required for postsynaptic and
nuclear signaling pathways and cognitive function. The Journal of
Neuroscience 2012;32:13987–99.
